for sticking polystyrene on the walls
dry mixes can be used
like this one that I applied
polymine there are other mixes i don't want
to advertise
nothing I personally took this
Well, there is a sale of ready-mix glues
rather that are much smaller in volume
but those glue that they are ready
designed for surfaces that
aligned that is for sticking
polystyrene on a flat surface but
this glue
it allows you to glue on not prepared
surface that is to ordinary
brick wall consumption here is pretty
big
one per square meter somewhere
up to four kilograms of solution is obtained
in a bag of 25 kilograms i.e. it is somewhere
6 sheets are designed 6 sheets each
sheet and sheet polystyrene their meter per meter
that is, a square meter and if solid
apply the finished mixture
this one this one turns out to be finished
mixture
almost like cement mortar well
plasticizer is added here and
modifiers
which do which make the solution
very plastic and which allows
glue polystyrene so here
this solution can be applied ready
solid it may not be appropriate
the entire list, or somewhere like that, I
personally apply
such around the perimeter around
solid in the middle here such here
islets there is hardly any expediency
put a solid wall like all
equal has bumps and somewhere
this one is equal to no simple solution
will just hang in the air or not
pressed to the end like this I put a solution
spatula com and now I will prepare it
to the sticker how we prepare the surface
for pasting
tile take here such a spatula with
notches just as well
I spend doing it alone
quite comfortable but I think you understand the whole
surface now i will prepare here
in this way so here is the whole applied
glue glue composition on polystyrene sheet
I will prepare this way now
it remains to take the elevator and stick on the wall
as you understood to put glue on
it is desirable to place the sheet on
horizontal solid surface
lest it sag not Islam and hang
nowhere and then it turns out very comfortable with
it work it can do right in
rooms if possible and
then you put glue on the street and
stick on the wall is better of course this
work together to do then it will be faster
one applies adhesive composition
on foam prepares a second
the man is already working on the wall
foam and fix with special
plastic nails
I have no opportunity to show how I am
I stick sheets of foam as I
I work one here see i put two
sheet
polystyrene on the wall from now need
fix
plastic nails say
you can not fix immediately
stick a few sheets and then
start working already with a drill and
plastic nails